oh boy okay um
Wow thank you thank you so much for that
warm ovation
as I stare at this magnificent bust of
Mark Twain
I'm reminded of how humbled I am to
receive such an honor and how I vowed to
take very special care of it
I will never let it out of my sight I
will find a place of honor in my house
for this magnificent bust
if my children try to touch it or even
look at it I will beat them
it it means that much to me in fact I
told my wife that maybe I should buy it
its own seat for the plane ride home
no-no-no
no I just started the speech why would
you think I'm done
I want to sincerely thank the Kennedy
Center for this prize and this and the
fine folks at PBS for airing this
special
I am the 14th recipient of the Mark
Twain prize and you're probably asking
yourself why did it take so long
well for 13 consecutive years I have
been begged by the Kennedy Center to
accept this award and for 13 consecutive
years
I haven't attica Lee said no
for years I had many questions about
this Mark Twain the first being who is
he
it then dawned on me that since I was a
small boy I have thoroughly enjoyed his
delicious fried chicken
and then my wife informed me that I was
thinking of Colonel Sanders not Mark
Twain it turns out that he is considered
America's finest author and humorist but
that his real name is not Mark Twain it
was Jerry Goldman
before that it was Judy Blume and before
that of course we all know the name
Samuel Langhorne Simmons
despite my failings to grasp the
importance of Mark Twain and what
exactly he did I decided to accept this
award because of the prize money one
billion dollars
paid out over the next 10,000 years
to say that I am thrilled to be here is
a is a complete understatement and to
make this evening even more thrilling I
have just been informed that I am only
the 11th Caucasian to receive this
prestigious award
pretty cool
I can't tell you how enough how special
it is to stand here on this stage at the
Kennedy Center in front of this amazing
audience while being watched on PBS by
hundreds of people
it's very surreal you have to understand
as a kid growing up in Irvine California
where I would sit in my room and listen
to records of Steve Martin and the
original Saturday Night Live cast or
stay up late and watch Johnny Carson on
The Tonight Show to see what what
comedians he would have on I I had one
dream one singular focus even at the
earliest age I can remember wanting to
do one thing and one thing only sell
insurance
so to be standing here feels somewhat
odd
whether was auto home or life
fire flood or earthquake I just wanted
to make people feel safe
do you have enough inland marine
insurance
or business overhead expense disability
insurance these are the things I thought
of as a kid but the insurance game
didn't happen for me so I fell back on
comedy and Here I am now there's there's
so many people I need to thank for
helping me make tonight possible first
off I would like to thank all the
wonderful people who spoke or perform
tonight on my behalf amazing amazing
all of you taking time out of your busy
personal and professional schedules to
be here means the world to me and if any
of you ever needs me to speak on your
behalf for any reason just know and I
sincerely mean this I am probably
unavailable
but thank you and I'm sorry ahead of
time one of the people you saw tonight
to whom I owe a huge debt of gratitude
is is mr. Adam McKay together Adam and I
have created anchorman Talladega Nights
stepbrothers and the other guys a
Broadway show and a comedy website I
would also not be standing here if it
weren't for Saturday Night Live
executive producer Lorne Michaels Thank
You Lauren for taking a chance on me and
giving me the opportunity to be on Sara
Night Live the show I I always dreamed
of being on
and finally what makes the night truly
special is that I can share it with my
family I am I am so grateful to all of
you guys for your continued support and
love for the things that I do but mostly
I would like to thank my lovely wife
vivica before I do that however I should
really thank my first and second wives
Donna and Julie
Donna what can I say
they're just we were just too young when
we got married
I mean literally to young we were 13
heck you were 13 I was nine you know
I was in the third grade and it wasn't
right or legal but I hope you're well
and I thank you for your support as for
Julie you left me for Gary Busey
and I will never blame you for that ever
finally vivica
all I can say is thank you and thank God
I found you
you um you've given us three beautiful
boys and we have a wonderful life
together but I do have to say sometimes
you get a little lippy
you got a big mouth and
you'd like to run it
I'll tell you one thing and one thing
only okay tonight is my night all right
I love you but I'm really sick of that
big mouth of yours okay and I won't
stand it okay do you hear me
you look at me when I talk to you
I mean tonight if I after the show if I
want to go on a bender with Gwen Ifill
by a couple spear guns and try to scale
the Washington Monument I'm going to do
it okay and there's nothing you can say
to stop me I love you so once again I
thank you for this magnificent night and
this amazing honor and I want to thank
the Kennedy Center for being one of the
few places that upholds comedy as what
it truly is an art form thank you and
good night
now you can play
you